SOLAR LEASE AGREEMENT
(#AR-WBF1-XXX)


This Solar Lease Agreement (this “Agreement”) is made, dated and effective as of ______________________, 20__ (the “Effective Date”), between XXX (together with transferees, successors and assigns, “Owner”), and Plum Bayou Solar LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (together with transferees, successors and assigns, “Lessee”), and in connection herewith, Owner and Lessee agree, covenant and contract as set forth in this Agreement. Owner and Lessee are sometimes referred to in this Agreement as a “Party” or collectively as the “Parties”.  
NOW, THEREFORE, the Parties agree as follows:
1. Lease. Owner hereby leases to Lessee the real property of Owner consisting of approximately XXX acres located in Jefferson County, Arkansas, and legally described on Exhibit A attached hereto and incorporated herein by reference (the “Property”).  Such lease (“Lease”) includes the right to access and utilize all radiant energy emitted from the sun upon, over and across such land (“Solar Energy”).  In the event of inaccuracies or insufficiencies in the legal description in Exhibit A, Lessee may modify Exhibit A to correct the inaccuracies or insufficiencies.
2. Purpose. Lessee shall have the exclusive right to use the Property and the unobstructed flow of Solar Energy upon, over and across the Property for the purposes of constructing and operating a solar photovoltaic electricity generating facility (“Solar Energy Purposes”) and to derive all profits therefrom, and not for any other purpose.  For purposes of this Agreement, Solar Energy Purposes includes the right to convert the Solar Energy into electrical energy and to collect and transmit the electrical energy so converted, together with any and all activities related thereto, including (a) determining the feasibility of Solar Energy conversion and power generation on the Property, including studies of the Solar Energy emitted upon, over and across the Property (through the installation of Solar Energy measurement equipment or otherwise) and other meteorological, archeological and environmental studies, land surveys and due diligence activities; and (b) constructing, installing, using, replacing, relocating and removing from time to time, and maintaining, refurbishing and operating, Solar Energy collection and electrical generating equipment utilizing photovoltaic technology (collectively referred to herein as “Solar Generating Equipment”), overhead and underground electrical transmission, distribution and communications lines, electric inverters, transformers, breakers and switches, energy storage facilities, telecommunications equipment, roads, gates, and fences, vegetative buffers planted as screening near fences, meteorological stations and Solar Energy measurement equipment, control or operations and maintenance buildings, maintenance yards and temporary laydown areas, and related facilities, equipment and improvements (the Solar Generating Equipment together with all of the foregoing, collectively, “Solar Facilities”) on the Property. Solar Facilities on the Property may be operated in conjunction with Solar Facilities installed on other nearby properties that are part of the same solar energy project (collectively, the “Project”).  Lessee and its consultants may enter the Property, upon reasonable advance notice, to do work related to development of Solar Facilities. Subject to Owner’s rights to use the Property in any manner consistent with Section 8.2, Lessee shall have the right, after commencement of construction of Solar Facilities on the Property, to control and restrict access onto and over the Property and exclude others (other than any parties with preexisting easement rights) as it deems necessary or appropriate for safety and security reasons.
3. Term. The initial term of this Agreement (“Initial Term”) will commence upon the Effective Date and will continue until the later of (a) the 30th anniversary of the first day of the month following the month in which Solar Facilities on the Property commence operation by delivering commercial quantities of electricity to the electric utility grid (the “Commercial Operation Date”), or (b) 37 years after the Effective Date. Lessee may elect to extend the Initial Term for one or two additional 10-year terms commencing on the last day of the Initial Term or the 10th anniversary of such day, respectively, upon at least 90 days’ notice to Owner. The Initial Term plus either or both of such additional terms are called the “Term.” If the Start of Construction (as defined in Section 3.1) on the Property has not occurred prior to the 5th anniversary of the Effective Date, Owner may terminate this Agreement by notice to Lessee within 60 days of such anniversary; provided, however, that if Lessee has completed or obtained a wetland delineation study, critical habitat assessment and cultural studies, title policy commitment, hydrology reports, preliminary project design and solar panel layout, initiation of requests for any necessary wetlands mitigation permits, initiated a request for any necessary tax abatement approvals, and has initiated the pursuit of any required local use permit within such 5-year period, then Owner may not terminate this Agreement if the Start of Construction occurs prior to the 7th anniversary of the Effective Date.  If the Start of Construction has not occurred prior to the 7th anniversary of the Effective Date, this Agreement shall terminate, and Lessee shall record a release of this Agreement in the Real Property Records (as defined herein) or, if Lessee fails to do so within 30 days after the 7th anniversary of the Effective Date, Owner may file such release. 
   1. Project Sites.  
            1. Within 30 days after the date that any of the racking that will support Solar Generating Equipment is installed in one or more Projects (“Start of Construction”), Lessee shall designate the portion of the Property on which Solar Facilities are being constructed as part of such Project (a “Project Site”).  For a second Project and Project Site (if any), Lessee shall designate them on or before the 7th anniversary of the Effective Date.  Any of the Property not so designated as a Project Site and for which no rent or other payments will be paid under this Lease, such as for easements, will be removed from this Agreement by a mutual written amendment of this Agreement by the Parties as provided in Section 3.1(b) below.  
               1. Within 90 days after the Start of Construction, Lessee shall obtain a survey of the Project Site or Project Sites (the “Final Survey”). The Parties agree that the Final Survey shall serve as the means of determining the acreage of the Project Site(s) and the amount of Operational Rent due under Section 4.1(b).  Within 90 days after the 7th anniversary of the Effective Date, the Parties will also enter into an amendment to this Agreement expressly incorporating an appropriate version of the Final Survey into Exhibit A as provided in Section 3.1(b).
            2. Within 90 days after the 7th anniversary of the Effective Date, the Parties agree to amend the relevant exhibits of this Agreement and the Memorandum (as defined in Section 13.9), and to file such amendment to the Memorandum in the deed records for the Property, removing the portion of the Property not designated as one or both of the Project Site or Project Sites from this Lease. 
   2. Delay in Use. Except as specifically provided in this Agreement, no delay of Lessee in the use or enjoyment of any leasehold, easement or other right in this Agreement will result in the loss or abandonment of any right, title interest or estate granted herein.
4. Payments. 
   1. Rent. In consideration of the rights granted hereunder, Lessee shall pay to Owner as rent the following amounts:
            1. Initial Rent.  Lessee will pay Owner $120.00 per acre of the Property (without regard to any designation of a Project Site or reduction in the leased portion of the Property) within 30 days of the Effective Date in payment of the first three years of initial rent hereunder.  Lessee will pay Owner the following amounts per acre of the Property, excluding the acreage of any Project Sites upon which the Start of Construction has occurred, within 30 days of the applicable anniversary of the Effective Date: 
Anniversaries of
 Effective Date
	Amount
	3 and 4
	$50 per acre of the Property*
	5 and 6
	$60 per acre of the Property*
	*  Excluding the acreage of any Project Sites upon which the Start of Construction has occurred (and for which Operational Rent is being paid in accordance with Section 4.1(b)).


        (b)          Operational Rent. If Lessee constructs Solar Facilities on the Property, Lessee will pay Owner annual rent as set forth herein (“Operational Rent”).  The Operational Rent is payable within 30 days after the Start of Construction on the Property and each anniversary thereof in the amount of $800 per acre, as adjusted for inflation under Section 4.3, during the first 30 years after the Start of Construction. Operational Rent payable pursuant to this Section 4.1(b) shall increase by $200 per acre above the inflation-adjusted rent then in effect in the 31st year after the Start of Construction , with such resulting per acre rate, as adjusted for inflation under Section 4.3, to continue for any remaining years of the Term thereafter.
   2. Attorneys’ Fees. Within 30 days of the Effective Date, Lessee shall pay Owner up to $5,000 as payment toward Owner’s attorneys’ fees incurred with respect to negotiation of this Agreement.
   3. Inflation Adjustment. Commencing with the second Operational Rent payment, the amount of Operational Rent for a Project Site shall be increased annually by two percent (2%) (the “Inflation Adjustment”).  Inflation adjustments for Operational Rent shall be in accordance with the table set forth in Exhibit B, attached hereto and incorporated herein.  
   4. Overhead Power Lines; Underground Collection Lines; Roads. 
      1. Electric Lines; Roads.  Lessee will pay Owner annually, as applicable, the following additional amounts within 30 days after the Commercial Operation Date of the Project and each anniversary thereof during the remainder of the Term:
         1. If overhead power lines are installed by Lessee outside of a Project Site pursuant to the Transmission Easement granted in Section 10.1, then Lessee will make annual payments to Owner equal to $1.00 per linear foot of the actual length of the corridor for such overhead power lines.  The corridor in which such overhead power lines are installed shall not exceed a width of 150 feet without Owner’s prior written consent.
         2. If underground collection lines are installed by Lessee outside of a Project Site pursuant to the Transmission Easement granted in Section 10.1, then Lessee will make annual payments to Owner equal to $0.50 per linear foot of the actual length of such underground collection lines. The corridor in which such underground collection lines are installed shall not exceed a width of 150 feet without Owner’s prior written consent. 
         3. If new roads are constructed by Lessee on the Property outside of a Project Site pursuant to the Access Easement granted in Section 8.5, then Lessee will make annual payments to Owner equal to $0.55 per linear foot of the actual length of such roads.  Except during construction of Solar Facilities, any such new roads shall not exceed 20 feet in width without Owner’s prior written consent.
Each of the additional payments under this Section 4.4 shall be adjusted annually by the Inflation Adjustment, commencing with the second annual payment made.
   5. Substation, Switchyard, etc.  If Lessee intends to install an electric substation or switchyard pursuant to Section 10.1, or an operations and maintenance building, on the Property outside of a Project Site, then Lessee may lease or, with Owner’s written consent, purchase the actual acreage occupied by the substation, switchyard or building (the “Control Property”).  In the event of any such installation outside a Project Site, whether or not Lessee leases or purchases such acreage, Lessee will make a one-time payment to Owner within 60 days of the Start of Construction of Solar Facilities on the Property equal to 150% of the fair market value of such acreage for agricultural use. If the Parties are unable to agree on such fair market value, then fair market value shall be determined by written appraisal performed by an independent appraiser reasonably acceptable to Owner and Lessee.  If the Parties agree to Lessee’s purchase of a Control Property, Owner will sell and convey the same to Lessee upon and subject to the terms and conditions agreed upon by the Parties.  
   6. Conservation Reserve Program; Grassland Reserve Program.  If any portion of the Property is removed from the Conservation Reserve Program or the Grassland Reserve Program (collectively, “CRP”) because of Lessee’s installation of Solar Facilities, Lessee will reimburse Owner for the resulting penalties or reimbursement obligations to the federal government. Reimbursement will not extend to CRP payments that would otherwise have been made to Owner, or to removal of any other lands from CRP.  If Lessee conducts on-site due diligence activities on the portions of the Property covered by the CRP, and such activities are in violation of the applicable CRP agreement, Lessee shall pay any resulting penalties.  
   7. Late Payment.  If Lessee should fail to pay Owner any sum to be paid by Lessee to Owner hereunder within 30 days after such payment is due, interest shall accrue on the overdue amount, from the date of expiration of Lessee’s cure period until the date paid, at a rate equal to the sum of 3% per annum, plus the prime lending rate as from time to time may be published by The Wall Street Journal under the “Money Rates” section; provided, that in no event shall such total interest exceed the maximum rate permitted by law.
   8. More Favorable Payment Terms.  In the event that prior to the Start of Construction, Orion Renewable Energy Group LLC or its affiliate has entered into a lease with other owners of land within the Project under which lessee agreed to pay the other landowners Operational Rent on terms which are more favorable to such other landowners, taken as a whole, than the Operational Rent payable under this Agreement, taken as a whole, then Lessee will offer Owner those same more favorable payment terms as a whole not later than the Start of Construction.  If Owner accepts such offer in writing within 30 days from the date such offer is received, the Parties will amend this Agreement to reflect the more favorable payment terms as a whole.  
5. Ownership of Solar Facilities. Owner shall have no ownership or other interest in any Solar Facilities installed on the Property, or any profits derived therefrom, and Lessee may remove any or all Solar Facilities at any time; provided, however, that such removal shall not reduce the obligation of Lessee to pay rent or make any other payments as required under this Agreement. Except for payments of rent or other payment obligations described in Section 4 or as otherwise provided under this Agreement, Owner shall not be entitled to any other payments or benefits accrued by or from the Solar Facilities, including renewable energy credits, environmental credits or investment or other tax credits.
6. Taxes. 
   1. Lessee and Owner. Lessee shall pay personal property taxes attributable to Solar Facilities and other improvements to the Property installed by Lessee. Lessee shall also pay or reimburse Owner for any increase in real property taxes levied against the Property as a result of such installations or attributable to a reclassification of the Property as a result of this Agreement. Owner shall pay all taxes, assessments, penalties, roll back taxes, interest or other fees attributable to facilities installed on the Property by Owner or others unrelated to Lessee or to Lessee’s operations, or as a result of or attributable to Owner’s sale or other transfer of all or a portion of Owner’s right, title or interest in the Property. The Solar Generating Equipment shall retain its nature as personal property and shall not become real property, even if buried in or otherwise affixed to the land. Owner and Lessee agree jointly to use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Property not to be reclassified from its present agricultural or open space exemption (if any) as a result of this Agreement, provided that such agricultural or open space exemption can be preserved without interfering with Lessee’s ability to develop, construct and operate Solar Facilities on the Property as contemplated hereunder. Lessee’s obligations to Owner under this Section 6.1 shall remain in effect after termination of this Agreement until the Solar Facilities have been removed from the Property as required by Section 12.3. 
   2. Tax Bills. Lessee shall have the right, but not the obligation, to seek to have its leasehold estate separately assessed to Lessee for real estate ad valorem tax purposes as well as personal property tax purposes, and Owner and Lessee agree jointly to use commercially reasonable efforts to cause the county tax assessor to issue separate property tax bills to Owner and Lessee. Owner shall (but it is not a condition to Owner’s right to payment or reimbursement hereunder that Owner do so) submit Owner’s real property tax bill to Lessee no later than 15 days prior to the due date for such taxes. If Owner fails to pay for its share of real property taxes, Lessee shall have the right to pay such amounts on Owner’s behalf and to offset any amounts so paid by Lessee against all or any of the rent payments next payable by Lessee under this Agreement. In the event that Lessee's installation of Solar Facilities on the Property causes an increase in taxes on any real property removed or released from the terms of this Agreement after the Effective Date pursuant to Section 3.1(b) (“Non-Leased Property”), any such increased taxes for the Non-Leased Property shall be paid by Lessee during the Term of this Agreement.
   3. Contest. Lessee may contest the assessed value of the Solar Facilities and the legal validity and amount of any such taxes for which it is responsible under this Agreement, and may institute such proceedings as it considers reasonable or necessary, provided that Lessee shall bear all expenses in pursuing such contest or proceeding. Owner shall submit to Lessee a copy of all notices and other correspondence Owner receives from any taxing authorities regarding the assessed value of the Property and/or the Solar Facilities within 30 days after Owner receives same, but in no event later than 30 days prior to the date an objection to such assessment or taxes must be filed. If requested by Lessee, Owner agrees to provide to Lessee reasonable assistance in contesting the validity or amount of any such taxes, including joining in the signing of any reasonable protests or pleading that Lessee may deem advisable to file, and Lessee shall reimburse Owner for any Out-of-Pocket Costs.  For purposes of this agreement, “Out-of-Pocket Cost” shall mean any fees, costs, consulting fees, attorney’s fees, or other expenses reasonably incurred by Owner for the purpose stated herein.  In the event the taxing authorities provide a separate assessment and tax statement for the portion of the real property taxes levied against or allocated to the Solar Facilities, Lessee agrees to pay such real property taxes directly to the taxing authorities. 
   4. Indemnity – Real Property Taxes.  Owner and Lessee each agrees to indemnify and hold each other harmless from any liability, cost or expenses, paid by it or for which it is liable, if such party should fail to pay its portion of real property taxes in accordance with this Agreement.
7. Lessee’s Representations, Warranties, and Covenants. Lessee hereby represents, warrants, and covenants to Owner that:
   1. Siting. Lessee shall provide Owner with a survey of each Project Site, including the exact acreage thereof, within 90 days of the Commercial Operation Date of the Project. Owner hereby grants Lessee the right to record a notice of final description (“Notice of Final Description”) to reflect the boundaries of each Project Site, or at Lessee’s election to record or re-record one or more Memorandums in the county’s Real Property Records (as described in Section 13.9 below) and attach the legal description of each Project Site to the appropriate Memorandum. Lessee shall make all siting decisions as to Solar Facilities in its sole discretion.  If Lessee builds Solar Facilities on a portion of the Property, then Lessee will make commercially reasonable efforts not to interfere with Owner’s agricultural activities on the rest of the Property, as set forth in Section 7.8.  
   2. Insurance. 
(a)        Throughout the Term, Lessee shall, at its expense, maintain liability insurance insuring Lessee and Owner against loss caused by Lessee’s use of the Property under this Agreement, or if Lessee is a regulated utility Lessee shall have the right to self-insure and assume the risk of loss for general liability exposures that would have been covered by the policy, to the extent Lessee has agreed to indemnify Owner pursuant to Section 7.5(a). Such insurance shall be Commercial General Liability Insurance (1986 ISO Form or its equivalent) with a combined single limit, each Occurrence and General Aggregate-per location of at least Ten Million Dollars ($10,000,000.00), which policy shall insure against liability of Lessee, arising out of or in connection with Lessee’s use of the Property, and which shall insure the indemnity provisions contained in this Agreement. Under such policy, Owner will be named as an additional insured.
                (b)        Lessee shall, at its sole expense, be responsible for assuring that insurance coverages, as provided below are maintained. At all times during the Term, Lessee will also maintain and keep in force (i) employee liability insurance and worker’s compensation insurance providing statutory benefits in accordance with the laws and regulations of the State of Arkansas, if applicable, and (ii) automobile liability insurance for coverage of owned, non-owned and hired automotive equipment in a minimum combined single limit of Three Million and No/100 Dollars ($3,000,000.00) per occurrence for bodily injury and property damage.


                (c)        Lessee’s insurance policies required by this Agreement shall: (i) be issued by insurance companies licensed to do business in Arkansas with a general policyholder’s ratings of at least A- and a financial rating of at least VI in the most current Best’s Insurance Reports available on the Effective Date from time to time; (ii) name Owner as additional insured as its interest may appear; (iii) provide that the insurance not be canceled, non-renewed or coverage materially reduced unless 30 days advance notice is given to Lessee; (iv) be non-assessable primary policies, and non-contributing with any insurance that Owner may carry; (v) provide that any loss shall be payable resulting from bodily injury and/or property damage due to the negligence of Owner or Lessee notwithstanding any negligence of either party which might result in a forfeiture of such insurance or the amount of proceeds payable; subject to policy terms and conditions, and (vi) have no deductible exceeding Seventy Five Thousand Dollars ($75,000.00), unless approved in writing by Owner. Lessee will deliver a certificate of insurance reasonably satisfactory to Owner evidencing the insurance required under this Section 7.2, or evidence of self-insurance reasonably acceptable to Owner, shall be provided to Owner on the Effective Date, and thereafter upon request.


   3.   WHERE IS, AS IS. LESSEE ACCEPTS THE PROPERTY “AS IS”, “WHERE IS”, AND “WITH ALL FAULTS”, AND OWNER MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, UNDER THIS LEASE AS TO THE PHYSICAL CONDITION OF THE APPLICABLE PREMISES, INCLUDING THE APPLICABLE PREMISES’ MERCHANTABILITY, HABITABILITY, CONDITION, FITNESS, OR SUITABILITY FOR ANY PARTICULAR USE OR PURPOSE, OTHER THAN AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.  THE LEASE IS SUBJECT TO ANY EXISTING EASEMENTS, RIGHTS OF WAY, OR OTHER ENCUMBRANCES.
   4.      Energy Storage and Fire-Fighting Plan.  In the event Lessee installs energy storage facilities on the Property, Lessee shall develop and maintain a fire-fighting and response plan in the event of any fire arising from such energy storage facility.  The energy storage facility shall be designed and constructed according to existing industry standards to reduce the risk of fire arising from such facility.
   5. Mutual Indemnities. 
            1. Lessee’s Indemnity. Lessee will indemnify, defend and hold harmless Owner and Owner’s shareholders, members, partners, directors, successors, assigns, personal representatives, trustees, mortgagees, employees and agents (collectively, “Owner’s Indemnified Parties”) against any and all losses, damages, claims, expenses and other liabilities resulting from or arising out of (i) physical damage to property or physical injury to any person, in each case to the extent caused by the operations or activities of Lessee or its employees, contractors, agents, guests or invitees,  (ii) any breach of this Agreement by Lessee, or (iii) as provided in Section 7.9(a), any environmental claim with regard to a violation or alleged violation of any environmental laws or any release of any Hazardous Materials by Lessee or any Lessee Party. The reference to property damage in the preceding sentence does not include losses of rent, business opportunities, profits and the like that may result from Owner’s loss of use of the Project Site or any other portion of the Property occupied by Solar Facilities. This indemnification shall not apply to losses, damages, claims, expenses and other liabilities to the extent caused by the negligence or misconduct of Owner or any of Owner’s Indemnified Parties or any party other than Lessee or its owners, interest holders, limited or general partners, attorneys, employees, contractors or agents (“Lessee Party”). This indemnification shall survive the termination of this Agreement.
            2. Owner’s Indemnity. Owner will indemnify, defend and hold harmless Lessee and Lessee’s members, shareholders, directors, successors, assigns, affiliates, personal representatives, trustees, mortgagees, employees and agents (collectively, “Lessee’s Indemnified Parties”) against any and all losses, damages, claims, expenses and other liabilities, resulting from or arising out of physical damage to property or physical injury to any person, in each case to the extent caused by (i) any negligent act or failure to act by Owner or its employees, contractors, agents, guests or invitees at the Property,  (ii) any breach of this Agreement by Owner, or (iii) as provided in Section 8.8(a), any environmental claim with regard to a violation or alleged violation of any environmental laws or any release of any Hazardous Materials by Owner or any Owner Party. The reference to property damage in the preceding sentence does not include losses of rent, business opportunities, profits and the like that may result from Lessee’s loss of use of the Project Site or any other portion of the Property occupied by Solar Facilities. This indemnification shall not apply to losses, damages, claims, expenses and other liabilities to the extent caused by the negligence or misconduct of Lessee or any of Lessee’s Indemnified Parties or any party other than Owner or its owners, interest holders, limited or general partners, attorneys, employees, contractors or agents (“Owner Party”). This indemnification shall survive the termination of this Agreement.
            3. STRICT LIABILITY.  THE INDEMNIFICATION PROVISIONS OF SECTION 7.9(a) AND 8.8(a) OF THIS AGREEMENT, RESPECTIVELY, SHALL INCLUDE CLAIMS FOR STRICT LIABILITY ARISING UNDER THE FEDERAL COMPREHENSIVE ENVIRONMENTAL RESPONSE, COMPENSATION, AND LIABILITY ACT, AND ANY SIMILAR FEDERAL OR STATE STATUTES.
            4. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY OF OWNER PARTIES. NOTWITHSTANDING ANY OTHER PROVISION IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE OBLIGATIONS OF OWNER PARTIES UNDER THIS LEASE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION SECTION 7.5(b), ARE NOT PERSONAL OBLIGATIONS OF THE OWNER PARTIES; AND LESSEE SHALL LOOK SOLELY TO THE PROPERTY FOR SATISFACTION OF ANY LIABILITY OF OWNER OR OWNER PARTIES AND SHALL NOT LOOK TO THE OTHER ASSETS OF OWNER OR OWNER PARTIES NOR SEEK RECOURSE AGAINST THE OTHER ASSETS OF OWNER OR OWNER PARTIES AND LESSEE RELEASES, WAIVES, AND COVENANTS NOT TO SUE OWNER OR OWNER PARTIES FOR ANY SUCH CLAIMS, LOSSES, COSTS, FEES, OR DAMAGES AGAINST THE OWNER PARTIES.
   6. Requirements of Governmental Agencies. Lessee, at its expense, shall comply in all material respects with valid laws, ordinances, statutes, orders, and regulations of any governmental agency applicable to the construction and operation of the Solar Facilities. Lessee shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to contest by appropriate legal proceedings, the validity or applicability to the Property, Project Site or Solar Facilities of any law, ordinance, statute, order, regulation, property assessment, or the like now or hereafter made or issued by any federal, state, county, local or other governmental agency or entity. At Lessee’s request, Owner shall reasonably cooperate in such contest, including joining in the signing of any reasonable protests or pleadings that Lessee may deem advisable to file, and Lessee shall reimburse Owner for any Out-of-Pocket Costs.  Any such contest or proceeding shall be controlled and directed by Lessee, but Lessee shall indemnify Owner from Lessee’s failure to observe or comply with the contested law, ordinance, statute, order, regulation or property assessment.
   7. Construction Liens. Lessee shall keep the Property free and clear of all liens and claims of liens for labor and services performed on, and materials, supplies, or equipment furnished to, the Property in connection with Lessee’s use of the Property. Lessee may contest any such lien and the legal validity and amount of any such lien; provided, however, that if Lessee elects to contest any such lien, Lessee shall, within 60 days after it receives notice of the filing of such lien, either bond around such lien or establish appropriate reserves therefor, or otherwise remove such lien from the Property pursuant to applicable law. 
   8. Lessee Non-Interference with Agricultural Activities. In the construction and operation of its Solar Facilities, Lessee will make commercially reasonable efforts not to interfere with Owner’s agricultural activities on the rest of the Property. To facilitate communication, Lessee and Owner will each designate a single point of contact with the other Party.
            1. Construction and Siting. Lessee will consult with Owner (or, at Owner’s request, with Owner’s then-current tenant) prior to the Start of Construction to describe Lessee’s plan and schedule for construction on the Property. As part of the consultation, Lessee will present a preliminary site map showing the Project Site and any new roads, overhead transmission lines, electric substation or switchyard, or operations and maintenance building proposed to be located on the Property outside of the Project Site pursuant to Section 8.6 or Section 10.1 (the “Related Facilities”), and solicit Owner’s advice and input, before Lessee finalizes the site design.  Lessee will also discuss with Owner the measures Lessee will take during construction to minimize conflicts between Lessee’s construction activities and Owner’s ongoing agricultural operations.  
            2. Soil Restoration; Compaction; Weed Control.  Outside of the Project Site, Lessee shall use commercially reasonable efforts to minimize any damage to and disturbance of growing crops and crop land caused by its construction activities and will work with Owner to minimize areas of potential soil compaction. Lessee shall not remove topsoil from the Property, and shall replace removed topsoil to the location from which it was removed to the extent practicable, or such other location on the Property as may be reasonably requested by Owner. Upon completion of construction on the Property, Lessee will restore the soil surface on any portion of the Property disturbed by Lessee that is outside of the Project Site or the boundaries of any Related Facilities. In addition, if such disturbed area was in pasture prior to construction, Lessee will re-plant native or similar grass seed on such portion of the Property. If Lessee causes compaction of any previously cultivated part of the Property located outside of the Project Site or the boundaries of any Related Facilities, (i) Lessee will “rip” such portion of the Property in at least three passes to a depth of at least 18 inches, if Owner approves of such action, and (ii) if such compaction is reasonably expected to seriously impair crop yield in future years, Lessee will compensate Owner as calculated below (the “Compaction Payment”).  In consideration of the Compaction Payment, no additional damages shall be paid in future years for that episode of compaction. The Compaction Payment will be calculated using the following formula: Unit Price x 400% x Unit Yield Per Acre x Acres Damaged = Damages.  Unit Price will be based on the average of the last previous March 1st and September 1st Chicago Board of Trade prices for that crop.  Yield will be the average of the previous 3 years’ yields for that crop according to Owner’s records for the smallest parcel of land that includes the damaged area.  If Owner does not have yield records available, the Parties will use FSA records or other commonly used yield information available for the area.  The Parties shall try in good faith to agree to the extent of damage and acreage affected.  If they cannot agree, they shall promptly have the area measured and extent of damage assessed by an impartial party such as a crop insurance adjuster or extension agent, mutually agreed upon by the Parties. The Compaction Payment shall be made within 30 days after determining extent of damage.  After the Commercial Operation Date, Lessee will use commercially reasonable efforts to control weeds within the portions of the Property where Related Facilities have been installed, and in areas disturbed by Lessee’s construction on the Property. Owner may spray to control weeds up to the edge of the Project Site. 
            3. Underground Lines and Drainage Tiles.  During construction on the Property, Lessee will promptly repair any damage to underground drainage tiles, waterways, irrigation pipe, and other water lines caused by the construction activities of Lessee, and such repairs will be done by a qualified professional. Lessee shall have a continuing obligation to effect repairs to drainage tiles for any damage provided that such damage is related to the construction activities of Lessee.  Once Owner has provided Lessee with written acceptance of the repairs, Lessee shall be relieved of any obligation to effect further repairs unless Lessee causes new damage to drainage tiles, waterways, irrigation pipe or other water lines.
            4. Crop Damage. If Lessee causes the destruction of existing growing crops on any part of the Property Lessee shall compensate Owner as calculated below (the “Crop Damage Payment”).  In no case shall Lessee be required to pay more than a single, total crop loss in any one crop year on any given property. The Crop Damage Payment will be calculated using the following formula: Unit Price x 100% x Unit Yield Per Acre x Acres Damaged = Damages. Unit Price will be based on the average of the previous March 1st and September 1st Chicago Board of Trade prices for that crop.  Yield will be the average of the previous 5 years’ yields for that crop according to Owner’s records for the smallest parcel of land that includes the damaged area.  If Owner does not have yield records available, the Parties will use FSA records or other commonly used yield information available for the area. The Parties shall try in good faith to agree to the extent of damage and acreage affected.  If they cannot agree, they shall promptly have the area measured and extent of damage assessed by an impartial party such as a crop insurance adjuster or extension agent mutually agreed upon by the Parties. The Crop Damage Payment shall be made within 60 days of the Commercial Operation Date for any damage caused during construction, and 30 days after determining extent of damage for damage caused at any other time. 
               1. Agricultural Tenant Transitional Assistance.  In the event that all or a portion of a Project Site is under lease by Owner to a farming or grazing tenant as of the Effective Date (an “Agricultural Tenant”) and such lease remains in effect at the Start of Construction on such Project Site (an “Agricultural Lease”), Lessee will pay Owner either $100.00 per acre per year for each acre of the Project Site which is subject to an Agricultural Lease for growing crops, or $50.00 per acre per year for each acre of the Project Site which is subject to an Agricultural Lease for grazing, to compensate the Agricultural Tenant for loss of income caused by Lessee’s installation of such Solar Facilities (each such payment, an “Agricultural Tenant Payment”), in each case for three (3) consecutive years. Within ninety (90) days of the Effective Date, Owner shall provide Lessee with documentation of any Agricultural Leases encumbering any portion of the Property as of the Effective Date.  In addition, within thirty (30) days of the Start of Construction, Owner shall provide Lessee with documentation of any Agricultural Leases encumbering any portion of the Project Site. Each Agricultural Tenant Payment will be payable (i) within 30 days after the Start of Construction on such Project Site, (ii) within 30 days after the first anniversary of such Start of Construction, and (iii) within 30 days of the second anniversary of such Start of Construction.  Within 30 days of receipt of each Agricultural Tenant Payment from Lessee, Owner shall pay such amount to the Agricultural Tenant. 
            5. Gates and Fences. If Owner’s Property is fenced, all of Lessee’s newly constructed access roads located on the Property shall be gated by Lessee at Lessee’s expense, and Owner shall be furnished with keys or other ability to open and close such exterior gates. Lessee shall maintain such gates as part of the Solar Facilities.  When installing a gate within Owner’s existing fence, Lessee will make such fence cuts, braces, and repairs that will be permanent and remain functional for the remaining life of the fence of which they are part; alternatively, Owner may require Lessee to install a cattle guard in lieu of any internal gate. When accessing the Property, Lessee will close gates used by its personnel except when open to permit the passage of vehicular traffic, so that Owner’s or Owner’s tenant’s livestock do not stray or escape through such gates. Additionally, Owner authorizes Lessee, at Lessee’s sole expense, to take reasonable safety and security measures to reduce the risk of damage to Solar Facilities or the risk that Solar Facilities will cause damage, injury or death to people, livestock, other animals and property, including fencing around the Project Site and the perimeter of any electric substation or switchyard, operations or maintenance building, or (during periods of construction) laydown area located outside of the Project Site, as Lessee may deem necessary or appropriate to secure or enclose the same.
            6. Roads. To minimize erosion caused by Lessee’s construction of roads on the Property and facilitate natural drainage, Lessee will seek Owner’s advice on the design and location of such roads. Lessee will incorporate Owner’s advice into the final road design to the extent such advice does not substantially increase construction costs over a design based on good engineering practice, as determined by Lessee in its reasonable judgment. During construction, Lessee will keep Owner’s existing site roads used by Lessee in good repair. After the Commercial Operation Date, Lessee will maintain roads used by Lessee on the Property outside of the Project Site to the extent necessary for Lessee’s continued use, as reasonably determined by Lessee, and will use commercially reasonable efforts to minimize erosion caused by Lessee’s road use. The crown of new roads located in any previously cultivated portion of the Property will be kept to a minimum. Lessee will ensure there is an adequate crossing point for agricultural vehicles over any new roads. New roads used during construction but not required for operations will be reclaimed. If the installation of Solar Facilities re-routes the natural drainage, causing drainage problems on the Property, Lessee will use commercially reasonable efforts to correct such problems.  
            7. Resources. Lessee may use caliche, gravel and water from the Property, so long as Lessee pays Owner the then current market price, excluding cost of transportation.
            8. Animals. Lessee’s employees shall not bring animals onto the Property at any time.
            9. Keeping the Property Clean. After the Commercial Operation Date, Lessee will use commercially reasonable efforts to keep the Property neat and clean (free from debris and waste), and shall remove all refuse, litter and debris created by Lessee and its invitees, licensees, agents and contractors from the Property.
            10. Livestock. Lessee will use commercially reasonable efforts to minimize any interference with Owner’s and Owner’s tenant’s livestock operations. 
   9. Hazardous Materials. 
        (a)        Lessee shall not violate, and shall indemnify Owner against any claim, loss, damages, liability and expense arising from (i) violation by Lessee of and any liability arising from any such violation by Lessee under any federal, state, or local law, ordinance, or regulation promulgated thereunder relating to the generation, manufacture, production, use, storage, release or threatened release, discharge, disposal, transportation or presence of any Hazardous Materials in, on or under the Property (“Environmental Laws”), and (ii) any release, spill, or discharge of any Hazardous Materials caused by Lessee or any Lessee Party in, on or under the Property. This provision shall survive termination of this Agreement. Lessee shall promptly notify Owner of any such violation or release, discharge or spill. For purposes of this Agreement, “Hazardous Materials” means any substance, material, or waste which is now or hereafter classified as hazardous or toxic, or which is regulated under Environmental Laws.  
                (b)        Lessee shall not cause or permit any Hazardous Materials to be spilled, leaked, disposed of, or otherwise released on or under the Property or, except as expressly provided herein, otherwise use or store on the Property (or bring or introduce to the Property) any Hazardous Materials.  Lessee may use or otherwise handle (but not spill, leak, dispose of or release) on the Property only those Hazardous Materials used in the prudent and safe construction and operation of Solar Facilities on the Property.


                (c)        Lessee may store such Hazardous Materials on the Property only in quantities necessary to satisfy Lessee's reasonably anticipated needs.  Lessee shall comply with all Environmental Laws and exercise reasonable care in the use, handling, and storage of Hazardous Materials; and shall take all practicable measures to minimize the quantity and toxicity of Hazardous Materials used, handled, or stored on the Property.


                (d)        Upon the expiration or termination of this Agreement, Lessee shall remove all Hazardous Materials on the Property that were placed or released on the Property by Lessee.


   10.      Noise, Glare and Shadow.  Lessee shall have the right in connection with the construction, use and operation of Solar Facilities to emit or cause the emission of noise, to impact Owner’s views of and from the Property, and to allow or permit the Solar Facilities to cast shadows and to create, cause and emit glare or shadow onto the Property and adjacent properties, and similar field effects so long as such effects or impacts arise from the typical operation of the Solar Facilities and are within industry norms and standards.  Owner, for itself and on behalf of its successors and assigns, hereby accepts such effects, waives any right to object to such effects and releases Lessee from any claims, damages, liabilities or losses Owner may incur therefrom, so long as such effects or impacts arise from the typical operations of the Solar Facilities and are within industry norms and standards.
8. Owner’s Representations, Warranties, and Covenants. Owner hereby represents, warrants, and covenants as follows: 
   1. Owner’s Authority. Owner has the unrestricted right and authority and has taken all necessary action to authorize Owner to execute this Agreement and to grant to Lessee the rights granted hereunder. Each person signing this Agreement on behalf of Owner is authorized to do so and, to the best of Owner’s knowledge, all persons having any ownership interest in the Property (including spouses) are signing this Agreement. When signed by Owner, this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding agreement enforceable against Owner and the Property in accordance with its terms.  Lessee will obtain title commitments and complete its own title review of the Property.
   2. Restrictive Covenant - No Interference. Lessee shall have the quiet use and enjoyment of the Property in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Owner’s activities and any grant of rights Owner makes to any person or entity, whether located on the Property or elsewhere, shall not, currently or prospectively, interfere with: the development, construction, installation, maintenance, or operation of Solar Facilities, whether located on the Property or elsewhere; access over the Property to such Solar Facilities; Lessee’s rights granted hereunder to use the Property for any other Solar Energy Purposes; or the undertaking of any other activities permitted hereunder in furtherance of the Project. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, following the Start of Construction on a Project Site, (a) the activities of Owner shall not disturb or interfere with the unobstructed flow of Solar Energy upon, over and across the Property, whether by placing towers or antennas of any type, planting trees or constructing permanent or temporary buildings, barns, silos or other structures or facilities (collectively, “Owner’s Structures”) closer than five (5) times the height of any such Owner’s Structure from any Solar Generating Equipment, whether located on the Property or elsewhere, and (b) Owner shall not engage in any other activity on the Property or elsewhere that might delay the installation of, disrupt, or otherwise cause a decrease in the output or efficiency of the Solar Facilities. The area of land to remain unobstructed by Owner will consist horizontally of the entire Property, and vertically all space located above the surface of the Property. If Lessee builds Solar Facilities on only a portion of the Property, Owner may use the rest of the Property in any manner that complies with the foregoing.  In addition, Owner represents that it is not aware of any pending or threatened lawsuits or government actions that might interfere with the construction or operation of Solar Facilities on the Property, or any delinquent taxes affecting the Property.  Owner has no obligation to maintain the Project Site, which shall be Lessee’s responsibility.
   3. Liens and Tenants. Except as disclosed by Owner on Exhibit C, attached hereto and incorporated herein, Owner represents that it is not aware of any liens, encumbrances, leases, easements, mortgages, deeds of trust, security interests, mineral or gas and gas rights, options, sale contracts, claims, disputes, rights of use or possession in favor of any third party or other exceptions to Owner’s fee title ownership of the Property or to Owner’s right, title or interest in the Property (collectively, “Liens”), which are not recorded in the public records of the county in which the Property is located. Lienholders (including tenants), whether or not their Liens are recorded, shall be Owner’s responsibility, and Owner shall cooperate and assist Lessee in seeking to obtain a non-disturbance agreement from each party that holds a senior Lien that Lessee determines in its discretion might interfere with Lessee’s rights under this Agreement. A non-disturbance agreement is an agreement between Lessee and a lienholder which provides that the lienholder shall not disturb Lessee’s possession or rights under this Agreement or terminate this Agreement so long as Owner is not entitled to terminate this Agreement under the provisions hereof. If Owner is unable to obtain any such non-disturbance agreement from a lienholder that holds a mortgage, deed of trust, tax lien or other Lien that is senior to this Agreement (if any), Lessee shall be entitled (but not obligated) to make payments in fulfillment of Owner’s obligations to the lienholder prior to the date Owner is in default of such Lien (provided the anticipated default is imminent) and may offset the amount of such payments from amounts due Owner under this Agreement. Owner represents that Owner is not aware of any delinquent taxes affecting the Property.
   4. Requirements of Governmental Agencies. Owner shall assist and cooperate with Lessee, and Lessee shall reimburse Owner for any Out-of-Pocket Costs incurred by Owner at Lessee’s request, in complying with or obtaining any land use or siting permits and approvals, property tax abatements, building permits, environmental impact reviews, or any other approvals required for the financing, construction, installation, monitoring, replacement, relocation, maintenance, operation or removal of Solar Facilities (whether located on the Property or elsewhere), including execution of applications for such approvals if required. In connection with any applications for such approvals, Owner agrees at Lessee’s request to support such application (and Lessee shall reimburse Owner for any Out-of-Pocket Costs) at any administrative, judicial or legislative level, including participating in any appeals or regulatory proceedings. If Owner is contacted directly by any governmental agency about this Agreement, any Solar Facilities or the Property, Owner shall notify Lessee. To the extent permitted by law, Owner hereby waives any setbacks or other restrictions on the location of any Solar Facilities to be installed on the Property or on adjacent properties, including but not limited to waiver of all property line setbacks, pursuant to state or county rules, regulations or ordinances (that is, Owner approves a reduction of each such setback to zero), and Owner shall cooperate with Lessee in providing documentation of such setback waivers and shall execute any documents reasonably requested by Lessee to evidence Owner’s waiver of such setbacks.  
   5. Access. Owner hereby grants to Lessee the right of ingress to and egress from Solar Facilities (whether located on the Property, on adjacent property or elsewhere) over and across the Property by means of roads and lanes thereon if existing, or otherwise by such route or routes as Lessee may construct from time to time (“Access Easement”). The Access Easement shall include the right to improve existing roads and lanes, shall run with the Property, and shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon Owner and Lessee and their respective transferees, successors and assigns, and all persons claiming under them. The Access Easement shall expire upon termination or expiration of this Agreement.  
   6. Construction Easement. Owner grants Lessee an easement in, over and across the Property for Solar Facilities on the Property (“Construction Easement”) which may be utilized on a temporary basis for access, construction laydown or other purposes to facilitate the construction, maintenance or repair of Solar Facilities on the Property during any time that Lessee is conducting such work. Lessee shall have the right, at its sole expense, once construction begins to (a) remove any existing trees, shrubs, vegetation, structures or improvements located on a Project Site or the site of Related Facilities that might interfere with construction or operation of Solar Facilities, provided that Owner shall retain the full stumpage value of any trees so removed; and (b) change the grade of any part of the Property used as a Project Site, to the extent necessary to construct Solar Facilities as reasonably determined by Lessee. Lessee will use commercially reasonable efforts to minimize surface disturbance on the portion of the Property lying outside of the Project Site during construction. Lessee will comply with Section 7.8 with respect to damage caused by Lessee’s use of the Construction Easement. The Construction Easement shall run with the Property, and shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon Owner and Lessee and their respective transferees, successors and assigns, and all persons claiming under them. The Construction Easement shall expire upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement.   
   7. Mineral Development. This Agreement is subject to any and all existing mineral reservations and mineral leases granted by Owner or its predecessors-in-interest, which cover some or all of the Property as of the Effective Date.  In order to permit the simultaneous use of the Property for Solar Energy Purposes and mineral resource development, Owner and Lessee agree to work cooperatively together to ensure that Owner can benefit from the exploitation of the mineral resources on or under the Property and Lessee can undertake development of Solar Energy projects with reasonable certainty that the exploitation of the mineral resources will not interfere with or adversely affect the Solar Energy projects or unobstructed access to sunlight on the Property.  Thus, prior to the issuance of any new mineral lease or to a sale or exchange of minerals under the Property during the Term, Owner will advise and consult with Lessee regarding each such proposed transaction and include in any new lease or sale or exchange documentation, as applicable, a requirement that the buyer, lessee or other party to the minerals transaction waive and release during the Term, any and all rights to enter upon, utilize or disturb the surface area of the Property that may interfere with the operation of the Solar Facilities, including, without limitation, the exploration, drilling or mining of such oil, gas or other minerals; provided, however, that foregoing waiver and release shall not preclude the exploration, mining, development, extraction and production of oil, gas, sulphur or other minerals from or under the Property (or rights-of-way, lakebeds, waterways or other strips adjacent or contiguous to the Property) by means of directional or horizontal drilling or utilized or pooled operations with the well and all surface equipment located off the Property, without, in either case, any well bore or mine shaft penetrating any depth beneath the Property above the subsurface depth of five hundred feet (500’) feet nor shall such well bore or mine shaft impair the subjacent support of the Property or of any improvements now or hereafter situated on the Property.  In addition, upon written request from Lessee, Owner shall (i) cooperate with Lessee in requesting a separate non-disturbance agreement from any existing mineral interest lessee or owner on terms reasonably acceptable to Lessee, and (ii) enforce any rights Owner may have against any such mineral interest lessee or owner in order to provide reasonable accommodation for Lessee to exercise its rights under this Agreement, and Lessee shall reimburse Owner for any Out-of-Pocket Costs.
   8. Hazardous Materials. 
            1. Owner shall not violate, and shall indemnify Lessee against any claim, loss, damages, liability and expense arising from (i) violation by Owner of and any liability arising from any such violation by Owner under any Environmental Laws, and (ii) any release, spill, or discharge of any Hazardous Materials caused by Owner or any Owner Party in, on or under the Property.  Owner shall promptly notify Lessee of any such violation or release, discharge or spill. This provision shall survive expiration or termination of this Agreement.
      2. To the best of Owner’s knowledge, the Property, including, but not limited to, all improvements, facilities, structures and equipment thereon, and the soil and groundwater thereunder, is not in material violation of any Environmental Laws. To the best of Owner’s knowledge, no release or threatened release of any Hazardous Material has occurred, or is occurring, at, on, under, from or to the Property, and no Hazardous Material is present in, on, under or about, or migrating to or from the Property that could give rise to a claim under Environmental Laws. Neither Owner nor, to the best of Owner’s knowledge, any third party has used, generated, manufactured, produced, stored or disposed of on, under or about the Property, or transported to or from the Property any Hazardous Materials in violation of Environmental Laws or in such a manner as to require investigation or remediation of such Hazardous Materials. To Owner’s knowledge, there are no storage or other tanks or containers, or wells or other improvements, below the surface of the Property, nor have any storage or other tanks or containers, or wells or other improvements ever previously been located below the surface of the Property. 
   9.    Hunting.  Lessee hereby acknowledges Owner’s hunting rights on the Property throughout the term of this Agreement, provided that (a) hunting by Owner, its employees, licensees, guests, invitees or agents shall be done in a safe manner and shall not interfere with Lessee’s use of the Property, (b) for safety reasons, after the Start of Construction and before the Commercial Operation Date, hunting by Owner, its employees, licensees, guests, invitees or agents is prohibited where construction is ongoing, and (c) after the Commercial Operation Date, hunting is permitted only in those areas of the Property which are not part of a Project Site.  Owner specifically agrees to defend, indemnify, and hold Lessee harmless against any and all losses, costs, liabilities, claims, litigation, demands, defenses, judgments, suits, proceedings, damage or harm to Lessee, its employees, licensees, invitees or agents resulting from or arising out of or in connection with hunting activities by Owner, its employees, licensees, guests, invitees or agents in violation of this Section 8.9.
9. Assignment.
   1. Assignments by Lessee. Lessee and any Assignee (as hereinafter defined) shall have the right, without obtaining the consent of Owner, to do any of the following with respect to all or any portion of its right, title and/or interest in and to this Agreement, the Lease, the Property, any Project Site and/or any Solar Facilities: (a) grant subleases, separate easements, co-easements, subeasements, licenses or similar rights (however denominated) to one or more Assignees, (b) collaterally assign, mortgage, encumber, pledge or transfer all or any portion of its right, title or interest therein to one or more parties providing financing to Lessee, and/or (c) sell, lease, assign, transfer or otherwise convey all or any portion of its right, title or interest therein to one or more Assignees. Lessee or an Assignee that has assigned an interest hereunder will give notice of such assignment (including the address of the assignee thereof for notice purposes) to Owner, provided that failure to give such notice shall not constitute a default under this Agreement but rather shall only have the effect of not binding Owner with respect to such assignment until such notice shall have been given. For purposes of this paragraph, an “Assignee” is any of the following: (i) any one or more parties involved in the financing or refinancing of any Solar Facilities, including, without limitation, any lender to or investor in, or purchaser or lessee of, Solar Facilities; (ii) any one or more parties involved in financing or refinancing the development of any Solar Facilities; (iii) a corporation, partnership or limited liability company now existing or hereafter organized (including Lessee) in which Lessee or any of its owners, or any affiliate or partner of either, owns (directly or indirectly) a controlling interest at the time of assignment; (iv) a partnership now existing or hereafter organized, a general partner of which is such a corporation, partnership or limited liability company as provided in Section 9.1(iii); or (v) a corporation, partnership, limited liability company, or other entity that acquires all or substantially all of Lessee’s business, assets or capital stock, directly or indirectly, by purchase, merger, consolidation or other means if either (A) the Assignee or its affiliate has a net worth of at least 50 Million Dollars ($50,000,000) and has a comparable level of experience in wind and/or solar farm development and operation as Orion Renewable Energy Group LLC, or (B) the Assignee engages an experienced operator of the Solar Facilities that has a net worth of at least 50 Million Dollars ($50,000,000), or (C) the Assignee is Entergy Arkansas, LLC or its affiliate, or other regulated utility that meets the financial requirements in (B). 
   2. Assignee Obligations. No Assignee shall have any obligation or liability under this Agreement prior to the time such Assignee acquires a leasehold interest. An Assignee shall be liable to perform obligations under this Agreement only for and during the period such Assignee is in possession of the Property. Any assignment permitted hereunder shall release the assignor from assigned liabilities of Lessee under this Agreement when the Assignee agrees in writing to perform the assigned obligations, if such Assignee either (a) is at least as creditworthy as the assignor at the time of the assignment or meets the requirements in Section 9.1(A) or (B) or (C), or (b) (i) owns or holds, or will own or hold, a majority or controlling interest, directly or indirectly, in any Solar Facilities including Solar Generating Equipment located on the Property, and meets the requirements in Section 9.1(A) or (B) or (C).
   3. Right to Cure Defaults. To prevent termination of this Agreement or any partial interest therein, Lessee (or any Assignee) shall have the right, but not the obligation, at any time prior to the termination, to pay any or all amounts due hereunder, and to do any other act or thing required of any Assignee or Lessee hereunder or necessary to prevent the termination of this Agreement or any partial interest therein. A default of the holder of a partial interest in this Agreement will not be considered a default by the holder of any other partial interest in this Agreement, and the non-defaulting holder’s partial interest shall not be disturbed. If Lessee or an Assignee holds an interest in less than all of this Agreement, the Property or the Solar Facilities, and the remaining interest is held by Lessee or a different Assignee or by a third party, any default under this Agreement shall be deemed remedied, as to Lessee’s or such Assignee’s partial interest, and Owner shall not disturb such partial interest, if Lessee or the Assignee, as the case may be, shall have cured its pro rata portion of the default by paying the fees attributable to the Solar Facilities or the Project Site in which Lessee or the Assignee, as the case may be, holds an interest. 
   4. Separability.   Lessee may use the Property in connection with up to two Project Sites of associated Solar Facilities constructed, installed and/or operated on the Property and/or on other lands in the general vicinity of the Property by or on behalf of Lessee or an affiliate or Assignee(s) thereof as an integrated energy generating and delivery system; provided, however, that such use by Lessee shall not extend the deadline by which the Start of Construction for each Project must have occurred as provided under Section 3.  If Lessee elects to use the Property for two Project Sites, then Owner shall, within 20 days after request from Lessee, and without demanding any additional consideration, bifurcate this Agreement and the Lease by entering into and delivering to Lessee two or more independent new lease agreements (which shall supersede and replace this Agreement) that provide Lessee with separate leasehold estates in different portions of the Property, as designated by Lessee.  Each such new lease agreement shall: (a) specify the portion(s) of the Property to be covered thereby, (b) contain the same terms and conditions as this Agreement (except for any requirements that have been fulfilled by Lessee or any other person or entity prior to the execution of such new agreements, and except for any modifications that may be required to ensure that each Party’s combined obligations under such new agreements do not exceed such Party’s obligations under this Agreement) and be in a form reasonably acceptable to Lessee; (c) be for a term equal to the remaining Term of this Agreement; (d) contain a grant of access, transmission, communications and other easements for the benefit of each of the bifurcated estates, covering such portion or portions of the Property outside of the benefited estate in each case as Lessee may designate; (e) require payment to Owner of only an acreage- or MWac-proportionate (as applicable) part of each payment due under Section 4 (which under all such new agreements shall in the aggregate equal the amounts that are due under Section 4); (f) provide for payments thereafter due under Section 4 and elsewhere to be paid with respect to the Solar Facilities actually installed under such new lease for the portion of the Property subject to such lease; and (g) enjoy the same priority as this Agreement over any lien, encumbrance or other interest against the Property.  Further, notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, (i) in the event of any uncured default under any such new lease agreement, such event of default shall not affect, or cause a termination of, any other such new lease agreement or any rights or interests granted under any other such new lease agreement and (ii) in the event of a termination of any such new lease agreement, the remaining new lease agreements and all rights granted therein, including all easements affecting any portions of the Property (regardless of whether such portions of the Property are part of or outside the benefited estate), shall remain in full force and effect without any further compensation due Owner.  
   5. Transfer or Assignment by Owner. Subject to Section 13.3, Owner shall have full right and authority to assign sell, convey, mortgage, finance, encumber, hypothecate, pledge or transfer to one or more parties, all of Owner’s right, title and interest in and to this Agreement or the Property, but any such sale or other transfer shall be subject to the Construction Easement, the Transmission Easement, the Access Easement and this Agreement. Owner shall notify Lessee of any transfer of ownership of this Agreement or the Property within 30 days of such transfer. Failure to give such notice shall not be a default under this Agreement.
10. Transmission. 
   1. Grant of Transmission Easement. For good and valuable consideration, including the payments set forth in Section 4.4, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged by Owner, Owner hereby grants to Lessee an exclusive easement (“Transmission Easement”) in, on, along, over, above, across and under the Property for the right to erect, construct, reconstruct, replace, relocate, remove, maintain and use the following from time to time in connection with Solar Energy Purposes, whether carried out on the Property or elsewhere: (a) a line or lines of poles or towers, together with such wires and cables as from time to time are suspended therefrom, and/or underground wires and cables, for the transmission of electrical energy and/or for communication purposes, and all necessary and proper foundations, footings, crossarms and other appliances and fixtures for use in connection with said poles, towers, wires and cables on, along and in the Property, including beneath the bed of any road located on the Property; and (b) one or more electric inverters, substations or interconnection or switching facilities from which Lessee or others that generate energy may interconnect to a utility transmission system or the transmission system of another purchaser of electrical energy, together with the appropriate rights-of-way, on, along and in the Property. Said poles, towers, wires, cables, foundations, footings, crossarms, appliances, fixtures, inverters, substations, facilities and rights-of-way are herein collectively called the “Transmission Facilities.” Each Transmission Easement shall not exceed 150 feet in width without the prior written consent of Owner. 
   2. Access. Subject to payments (if any) required under Section 4.4, the Transmission Easement also includes the right of ingress to and egress from the Transmission Facilities (whether located on the Property or elsewhere), over and along the Property by means of roads and lanes thereon if existing or otherwise by such route or routes as Lessee may construct from time to time. Except during construction of Solar Facilities, any such new roads or lanes shall not exceed 20 feet in width without Owner’s prior written consent.
   3. Assignment in Connection with Transmission Lines. Subject to restrictions as to Assignees (if any) under Section 9.1, in connection with the exercise of the rights of Lessee hereunder to utilize the Property for Solar Energy Purposes, Lessee, with consent of Owner not to be unreasonably withheld, shall have the right to grant to any utility or other duly authorized entity the right to construct, operate and maintain electric transmission, distribution, interconnection or switching facilities on the Property pursuant to any standard form of easement or other agreement used or proposed by the utility or other duly authorized entity and agreed to in writing by Owner; provided such form of easement complies with this Section 10.3 or this Agreement in general.  Alternatively, at Lessee’s request, Owner agrees to grant such rights directly to such utility or other entity.   Any such easements or agreements shall include the payments provided for in Section 4.4 or as otherwise provided under this Agreement, either in such easement or agreement itself or in a separate, legally binding agreement. Failure to include such obligations shall allow Owner to withhold consent for any such easement. The easement by its terms shall terminate if such payments are not made to Owner by the Lessee, utility or other party holding the easement.
   4. Term; Assignment. The term of the Transmission Easement shall expire upon expiration or termination of this Agreement.  Lessee (and any Assignee) shall have the right, without need for Owner’s consent, to assign or convey all or any portion of the Transmission Easement to an Assignee on an exclusive or nonexclusive basis. The Transmission Easement shall run with the Property and inure to the benefit of and be binding upon Owner and Lessee and their respective transferees, successors and assigns, and all persons claiming under them.
11. Lender Protection. In the event that Lessee assigns, transfers, mortgages, hypothecates, encumbers or pledges any portion of its interest in Lessee, this Lease, the Project Site and/or the Solar Facilities to any Lender (defined below) as security for or repayment of any indebtedness and/or the performance of any obligation whether or not such obligation is related to any indebtedness (a “Lender’s Lien”), then any Lender shall, for so long as the Lender’s Lien is in existence and until the lien or encumbrance thereof has been extinguished or this Agreement terminates or expires, be entitled to the protections set forth in this Section 11. Lessee or Lender shall send written notice to Owner of the name and address of any such Lender as well as any change of the name or address of any Lender, provided failure to provide the name shall not constitute a default hereunder, but shall relieve Owner from any obligation to provide the notices set forth in this Section 11 until such time as written notice of the name and address of the Lender is provided to Owner.  "Lender" means (i) any financial institution or other person or entity that from time to time provides secured financing for some or all of Lessee’s project, the Solar Facilities or operations, collectively with any security or collateral agent, indenture trustee, loan trustee or participating or syndicated lender involved in whole or in part in such financing, and their respective representatives, successors and assigns or (ii) any power purchase agreement offtaker who takes a Lender’s Lien as security for the performance of obligations under the power purchase agreement.
   1. Lender’s Right to Possession, Right to Acquire and Right to Assign. A Lender shall have the absolute right to: (a) assign its Lender’s Lien; (b) enforce its Lender’s Lien and acquire title to the leasehold and/or easement estate by any lawful means; (c) take possession of and operate the Solar Facilities or any portion thereof and to perform all obligations to be performed by Lessee hereunder, or to cause a receiver to be appointed to do so; and (d) acquire the leasehold and/or easement estate by foreclosure or by an assignment in lieu of foreclosure and thereafter to assign or transfer the leasehold and/or easement estate to a third party.
   2. Notice of Default: Opportunity to Cure. As a precondition to exercising any rights or remedies as a result of any alleged default by Lessee, Owner shall give written notice of the default to each Lender of which Owner has received notice, as provided in Section 11, concurrently with the delivery of such notice to Lessee, specifying in detail the alleged event of default and the required remedy. In the event Owner gives such written notice of default, the following provisions shall apply:
            1. A “monetary default” means failure to pay (i) when due any rent or other monetary obligation of Lessee under this Agreement other than real property taxes, or (ii) prior to delinquency any real property taxes (unless Owner did not deliver the applicable tax bill to Lessee at least 10 business days prior to the applicable tax delinquency date). Any other event of default is a “non-monetary default.”
            2. The Lender shall have the same period after delivery of notice of default to remedy the default, or cause the same to be remedied, as is given to Lessee after delivery of such notice of default, plus, in each instance, the following additional time periods: (i) 60 days, for a total of 120 days after delivery of the notice of default in the event of a monetary default; and (ii) 60 days, for a total of 120 days after delivery of the notice of default in the event of a monetary default; provided that such 120-day period shall be extended for a non-monetary default by the time reasonably required to complete such cure, including the time required for the Lender to perfect its right to cure such non-monetary default by obtaining possession of Lessee’s interest in the Property (including possession by a receiver) or by instituting foreclosure proceedings, provided the Lender acts with reasonable and continuous diligence.  The Lender shall have the absolute right to substitute itself for the Lessee and perform the duties of Lessee hereunder for purposes of curing such defaults.  Owner expressly consents to such substitution, agrees to accept such performance, and authorizes the Lender (or its employees, agents, representatives or contractors) to enter upon the Property to complete such performance with all the rights, privileges and obligations of the Lessee hereunder.  Owner shall not terminate this Agreement prior to the expiration of the cure periods available to a Lender as set forth above.  If a Lender’s delay in curing a non-monetary default causes damages to Owner, Owner shall have the right to reimbursement for all actual costs and fees incurred by Owner as a result of such delay. 
            3. During any period of possession of the Property by a Lender (or a receiver requested by such Lender) and/or during the pendency of any foreclosure proceedings instituted by a Lender, the Lender shall pay or cause to be paid the Rent and all other monetary charges payable by Lessee hereunder which have accrued and are unpaid at the commencement of said period and those which accrue thereafter during said period.  Following acquisition of Lessee’s leasehold or easement estate by the Lender or its assignee or designee as a result of either foreclosure and acceptance of an assignment in lieu of foreclosure, or by a purchaser at a foreclosure sale, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect and the Lender or party acquiring title to Lessee’s leasehold or easement estate shall, as promptly as reasonably possible, commence the cure of all defaults hereunder and thereafter diligently process such cure to completion, whereupon Owner’s right to terminate this Agreement based upon such defaults shall be deemed waived if all such defaults have been cured.
            4. Any Lender or other party who acquires Lessee’s leasehold or easement interest pursuant to foreclosure or assignment in lieu of foreclosure shall be liable to perform the obligations imposed on such party by this Agreement so long as such Lender or other party has ownership of the leasehold and/or easement estate or possession of the Property.
            5. Neither the bankruptcy nor the insolvency of Lessee shall be grounds for terminating this Agreement or any interest therein as long as all material obligations of Lessee under the terms of this Agreement are performed by Lessee or a Lender in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
            6. Nothing herein shall be construed to extend this Agreement beyond the Term or to require a Lender to continue foreclosure proceedings after the default has been cured. If the default is cured and the Lender discontinues foreclosure proceedings, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.
   3. New Lease or Easement to Lender. If this Agreement or a partial interest herein terminates because of Lessee’s default or if any leasehold and/or easement estate is foreclosed, or if this Agreement or a partial interest herein is rejected or disaffirmed pursuant to bankruptcy law or other law affecting creditors’ rights, Owner shall, upon written request from any Lender within 90 days after such event, enter into a new agreement (“New Lease”) for the Property or portion thereof, on the following terms and conditions:
            1. The terms of the New Lease shall commence on the date of termination, foreclosure, rejection or disaffirmance and shall continue for the remainder of the term of this Agreement, subject to the same terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement as are applicable to such interest, as if this Agreement had not been terminated. 
            2. The New Lease shall be executed within 30 days after receipt by Owner of written notice of the Lender’s election to enter into a New Lease, provided such Lender: (i) pays to Owner all rent and other monetary charges payable by Lessee under the terms of this Agreement up to the date of execution of the New Lease, as if this Agreement or applicable interest therein had not been terminated, foreclosed, rejected or disaffirmed; (ii) performs all other obligations of Lessee under the terms of this Agreement, to the extent performance is then due and susceptible of being cured and performed by the Lender within 120 days of the termination, foreclosure, rejection, or disaffirmance; and (iii) agrees in writing to perform, or cause to be performed within a reasonable period of time, all non-monetary obligations which have not been performed by Lessee and which should have been performed under this Agreement or the partial interest therein up to the date of the commencement of the New Lease, except those obligations which constitute non-monetary defaults not susceptible to cure. Any New Lease granted to the Lender shall enjoy the same priority as this Agreement over any lien, encumbrance or other interest created by Owner. 
            3. At the option of the Lender, the New Lease may be executed by a third party designated by such Lender, without the Lender assuming the burdens or obligations of Lessee thereunder.
            4. The provisions of this Section 11.3 shall survive the termination, foreclosure, rejection or disaffirmance of this Agreement and shall continue in full force and effect thereafter to the same extent as if this Section 11.3 were a separate and independent contract made by Owner, Lessee and such Lender, and, from the date of such termination, rejection or disaffirmance of this Agreement to the date of execution and delivery of such New Lease, such Lender may use and enjoy the Property without hindrance by Owner or any person claiming by, through or under Owner, provided that Lender complies with all conditions for a New Lease as set forth herein.
   4. Lender’s Consent to Amendment, Termination or Surrender. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the Parties agree that so long as there exists a Lender’s Lien, this Agreement shall not be modified or amended with respect to the interest in this Agreement encumbered by such Lender’s Lien and Owner shall not accept a surrender of the Property or any part thereof or a cancellation, termination or release of this Agreement from Lessee prior to expiration of the Term without the prior written consent of any Lender. This provision is for the express benefit of and shall be enforceable by any Lender. 
   5. Estoppel Certificates, Non-Disturbance Agreements, Title Documents, Etc. Owner shall execute such (a) estoppel certificates (certifying as to such matters as Lessee may reasonably request, including, without limitation, that no default then exists under this Agreement, if such be the case); (b) consents to assignment; (c) non-disturbance agreements (respecting other property as to which Owner or its affiliates may have lease, use or other rights), and (d) documents reasonably required by a title insurance company, in each case as Lessee or any Assignee may reasonably request from time to time and reasonably satisfactory to Owner. Owner shall cooperate in amending this Agreement from time to time to include any provision that may be reasonably requested by Lessee or any Assignee for the purpose of preserving a Lender’s security interest, and Lessee shall reimburse Owner for any Out-of-Pocket Costs, so long as the terms of such amendment are substantially consistent with those in this Agreement.
12. Default and Termination.
   1. Lessee’s Right to Terminate. Lessee shall have the right to terminate this Agreement as to all or any part of the Property at any time and without cause, effective upon written notice to Owner from Lessee. 
   2. Owner’s Remedies and Right to Terminate. An “Event of Default” shall have occurred if (a) a monetary default in the performance of Lessee’s obligations under this Agreement shall have occurred and remains uncured, (b) Owner notifies Lessee in writing of the default, which notice sets forth in reasonable detail the facts pertaining to the default and specifies the method of cure, and (c) the default shall not have been remedied within 60 days after Lessee receives the written notice.  Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, Owner shall have such remedies allowed under applicable law, including but not limited to commencing judicial actions and seeking damages. Except as qualified by Sections 9 and 11, Owner shall have the right to terminate this Agreement in the case of an Event of Default, provided, however, that the remedy of termination of this Agreement shall be available to and exercised solely by Owner in the case of an Event of Default where Lessee failed to pay to Owner any material amount due under the terms of this Agreement.  
   3. Effect of Termination. Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, Lessee shall, as soon as practicable thereafter, remove all Solar Facilities from the surface of the Property down to a depth of three feet. All Property disturbed by Lessee shall be restored to substantially the same condition it was in prior to Start of Construction, except that Lessee shall not be required to remove any Transmission Facilities owned by a public utility, or any roads, or restore the original grade of any land or any cleared timber, or plant any trees, crops or other plants. Reclamation shall include, as reasonably required, leveling, terracing, mulching and other reasonably necessary steps to prevent soil erosion. Reclamation shall also include environmental remediation in the event that Lessee contaminates the Property in violation of this Agreement.  If Lessee fails to remove such Solar Facilities and restore the Property within 12 months of termination or expiration, or such longer period as Owner may provide by extension, Owner may do so, in which case Lessee shall reimburse Owner for reasonable and documented costs of removal and restoration incurred by Owner. Lessee shall be obligated to continue to pay Operational Rent in accordance with Section 4 (prorated for any partial year) until it has completed the removal of such Solar Facilities and restored the Property in accordance with this Section 12.3. In the event Lessee removes trees from the Property but does not construct Solar Facilities on the Property, Lessee shall pay Owner $400 per acre of the Property where such trees were removed, as full compensation for restoring such acreage.  
   4. Security for Removal.  On such date as may be required by county or state regulations, but not later than 15 years after the Commercial Operation Date, Lessee shall provide security (“Removal Security”) to cover the estimated removal costs associated with the Solar Facilities then on the Property pursuant to Section 12.3. The Removal Security shall be, at Lessee’s option, either a removal bond from an individual or entity engaged in the construction business and reasonably acceptable to the Parties, a surety bond from an insurance company with a Best’s Rating of not less than A, a corporate guarantee (from a financially responsible entity that is reasonably acceptable to the Parties and whose credit rating is investment grade), a letter of credit issued by a financial institution reasonably acceptable to the Parties, a cash deposit, or other security reasonably acceptable to both Parties. The amount of the Removal Security shall be based on a written estimate from a reputable and disinterested construction company selected by Lessee and reasonably acceptable to Owner (the “Estimating Entity”), which sets forth such company’s estimate of the cost of removal minus estimated salvage value. In the event the county or other governmental authority requires Lessee to provide security for removal or decommissioning of a Project which includes Solar Facilities on the Property, Lessee may provide a single Removal Security that benefits Owner and the governmental authority, all in a manner consistent with the requirements of the governmental authority, and the governmental authority shall have access to the Property pursuant to reasonable notice to effect or complete the required removal or decommissioning.  In order to maximize the economies of scale associated with the removal of a Project which includes Solar Facilities on the Property, Lessee may elect to have the net removal costs of the Solar Facilities on the Property calculated on the basis of the Project and not on such costs solely for the Property, and the Removal Security may be provided on that basis. The amount of the Removal Security shall be evaluated and updated by the Estimating Entity every 5 years in accordance with this Section 12.4 until Solar Facilities on the Property are removed pursuant to Section 12.3.  In addition, to the extent the removal and restoration requirements set forth in Section 12.3 and this Section 12.4 conflict with the requirements of any State or local permitting entity for construction and operation of the solar energy project being developed by Lessee (the “Permitting Requirements”), such Permitting Requirements shall prevail and control over the removal and restoration requirements in this Agreement and Lessee shall be obligated to perform such Permitting Requirements instead of any conflicting requirements hereunder.
13. Miscellaneous.
   1. Force Majeure.  If performance of this Agreement or of any non-monetary obligation hereunder is prevented, or materially hindered by reason of an event of Force Majeure (defined below), the affected Party, upon giving notice to the other Party as provided under Section 13.4, shall be excused from such performance to the extent of and for the duration of such prevention or material hindrance; provided that (i) the non­performing Party, as promptly as practicable after the occurrence of the Force Majeure, but in no event later than thirty (30) days thereafter, gives the other Party written notice describing the particulars of the occurrence; (ii) the suspension of performance is of no greater scope and of no longer duration than is reasonably required by the Force Majeure; (iii) the non-performing Party uses good faith and commercially reasonable efforts to remedy its inability to perform; and (iv) as soon as reasonably practicable the non-performing Party resumes performance of its obligations excused as a result of the occurrence. The affected Party shall use reasonable efforts to avoid or remove such causes of nonperformance and shall continue performance hereunder whenever such causes are removed. “Force Majeure” means fire, earthquake, flood, drought, storm, fire, tornado, lightning, windstorm, unusually inclement weather or other natural catastrophe; acts of God, casualty or accident; strikes or labor disputes; war, civil strife, sabotage, vandalism, or other violence; any law, order, proclamation, regulation, ordinance, action, demand, approval, delay, moratorium, permit or requirement of any government agency or utility; or any other act or condition beyond the reasonable control of the Party claiming Force Majeure.  For the avoidance of doubt, Force Majeure does not excuse (a) the performance of Lessee’s monetary obligations, or (b) failure by Lessee to meet the deadlines under Section 3.
   2. Confidentiality. After the Effective Date, Owner shall maintain in the strictest confidence, for the sole benefit of Lessee, all information pertaining to the financial terms of or payments under this Agreement, Lessee’s site or product design, methods of operation, methods of construction, power production or availability of the Solar Facilities, and the like, whether disclosed by Lessee or discovered by Owner, unless such information either (a) is in the public domain by reason of prior publication through no act or omission of Owner or its employees or agents, or (b) was already known to Owner at the time of disclosure and which Owner is free to use or disclose without breach of any obligation to any person or entity, or (c) is required to be disclosed by a court or governmental agency; provided however, that Owner may disclose the financial terms of this Agreement to Owner’s family members; consultants, accountants, lawyers, or other professionals who receive such information under an obligation of confidentiality; prospective buyers of the Property; or lenders that may have a mortgage on the Property. Lessee shall maintain in confidence, and shall not publish or otherwise disclose, information pertaining to the financial terms of this Agreement except as necessary in connection with Lessee’s development, construction, operations or financing activities or in connection with any assignment. The provisions of this Section 13.2 shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement for three (3) years after such date.
   3. Successors and Assigns. This Agreement and any right, title or interest hereunder shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon Owner and Lessee and, to the extent provided in any assignment or other transfer under Section 9, any Assignee, and their respective heirs, transferees, successors and assigns, and all persons claiming under them. References to Lessee in this Agreement shall be deemed to include Assignees that hold a direct ownership interest in this Agreement as to all or a portion of the Property and actually are exercising rights under this Agreement to the extent consistent with such interest.  The Parties agree and intend that the provisions of this Agreement shall be covenants running with the land and that they touch and concern the land because they determine how the Parties will use the Property and its resources, including payment for those resources and use of the Property.  The Parties further agree and intend that any conveyance, assignment, sale or other transfer of all or a portion of either Party’s rights or interests covered by and permitted under this Agreement shall include and be subject thereto because the provisions of this Agreement are covenants that run with the land.  As covenants running with the land, the Parties intend that should either no longer share privity of estate with the other, its rights and obligations in this Agreement pass to the person or entity that shares privity of estate and assumes the role of Owner or Lessee.  As a result, except as otherwise provided in Section 9.2 above, any Party who ceases to have privity of estate under this Agreement shall bear no liability or any obligation for the terms hereunder after the date on which privity ends; provided, that any assignment by Lessee permitted hereunder shall release Lessee from the assigned liabilities only if the Assignee has accepted responsibility in writing for all terms and conditions of this Lease as provided in Section 9.2.  The privity of contract between the current Parties shall not change this result because the Parties do not intend the use of identifiers like Owner or Lessee to bind those specific Parties upon any transfer, conveyance, assignment, sale or other transfer covered by and permitted under this Agreement.
   4. Notices. All notices, requests and other communications required or permitted by this Agreement shall be given in writing by personal delivery (confirmed by courier delivery service), or facsimile, receipt confirmed, or first class U.S. mail, postage prepaid, certified, and addressed as follows:
If to Owner:
	If to Lessee:
	***
Phone: 
Email: 


 
	Plum Bayou Solar LLC
c/o Orion Renewable Energy Group LLC 
155 Grand Avenue, Suite 706
Oakland, CA 94612
Attn: General Counsel
Phone: (510) 267-8921
	

If to any Assignee:
At the address indicated in the notice to Owner provided under Section 9.1. 
Payments to Owner shall be mailed to Owner’s address above and made out to Owner, unless Owner directs Lessee otherwise in writing. For the purpose of notices to be given by Owner, Owner designates the person to whom notices are given hereunder as its primary contact, and Lessee shall be entitled to rely on any notices given by such individual in writing as if given in writing by all of the persons or entities constituting Owner. Any Party may change its address for purposes of this paragraph by giving written notice of such change to the other Parties in the manner provided in this paragraph. Any notice provided for herein shall become effective only upon actual receipt by the Party to whom it is given, unless such notice is only mailed by certified mail, in which case it shall be deemed to be received five business days after the date it is mailed.


   5. Entire Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between Owner and Lessee respecting its subject matter. Any agreement, understanding or representation respecting the Property, this Agreement, or any other matter referenced herein not expressly set forth in this Agreement or a subsequent writing signed by both Parties is null and void. This Agreement shall not be modified or amended except in a writing signed by both Parties. No purported modifications or amendments, including without limitation any oral agreement (even if supported by new consideration), course of conduct or absence of a response to a unilateral communication, shall be binding on either Party. 
   6. Legal Matters. This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Arkansas. If the Parties are unable to resolve amicably any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, they agree that such dispute shall be resolved in the state or federal courts located in Little Rock, Arkansas. The Parties agree that any rule of construction to the effect that ambiguities are to be resolved in favor of either Party shall not be employed in the interpretation of this Agreement and is hereby waived. Each Party waives all right to trial by jury and specifically agrees that trial of suits or causes of action arising out of this Agreement shall be to the Court. In no event shall either Party be liable under this Agreement for consequential, punitive, special, incidental or indirect damages.
   7. Partial Invalidity. Should any provision of this Agreement be held, in a final and unappealable decision by a court of competent jurisdiction, to be either invalid, void or unenforceable, the remaining provisions hereof shall remain in full force and effect, unimpaired by the holding. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Parties agree that in no event shall the Term of this Agreement, the Construction Easement, the Transmission Easement or the Access Easement be longer than, respectively, the longest period permitted by applicable law.
   8. No Partnership. Neither the provisions of this Agreement, nor the provisions of any other agreements referenced herein, nor any acts of the Parties, nor any other circumstances shall be deemed to create a partnership or joint venture between the Parties with respect to the Property or the Solar Facilities for any purposes whatsoever. Each Party shall, in connection with this Agreement, the Property, or the Solar Facilities, take reasonable steps in dealing with third parties to negate any inference that such partnership or joint venture exists.
   9. Memorandum. Neither Owner nor Lessee shall record this Agreement in its entirety. The Parties agree that a Memorandum of Lease (the “Memorandum”) shall be recorded in the real property records of the county where the Property is located (“Real Property Records”) at Lessee’s expense, in a form reasonably acceptable to both Parties, which form shall not contain any of the financial provisions hereof. In the event of any inaccuracy in Exhibit A, Lessee may correct such inaccuracy in order to accomplish the intent of Lessee and Owner.
   10. Tax and Renewable Energy Credits. If under applicable law, the holder of a lease becomes ineligible for any tax credit, renewable energy credit, environmental credit or any other benefit or incentive for renewable or low carbon energy established by any local, state or federal government, then, at Lessee’s option, Owner and Lessee shall exercise good faith and negotiate an amendment to this Agreement or replace it with a different instrument so as to convert Lessee’s interest in the Property to a substantially similar interest that makes Lessee eligible for such credit, benefit or incentive.
   11. Further Assurances. From time to time at and after the execution of this Agreement, each Party, at its expense and without further consideration, shall execute, acknowledge and deliver to the other Party such instruments and documents, and take such other actions, in addition to the instruments, documents and actions specifically provided for herein, as such other Party may reasonably request in order to effectuate the provisions of this Agreement, consummate the transactions contemplated herein, or confirm or perfect any right, restriction or interest to be created or transferred hereunder or pursuant to these transactions.
   12. Attorneys’ Fees.  The prevailing Party in any action or proceeding for the enforcement, protection or establishment of any right or remedy under this Agreement shall be entitled to recover its reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs and expert witness fees in connection with such action or proceeding from the non-prevailing Party. In addition, Lessee agrees to promptly reimburse Owner for any Out-of-Pocket Costs and fees (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) incurred by Owner in connection with any cooperation or assistance as required under this Agreement to be provided to Lessee.  
   13. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed an original, and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 


        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Owner and Lessee, individually or through duly authorized representatives, hereby execute this Agreement and certify that they have read, understand and agree to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
“Owner”


	



XXX














[Signatures continued on following page.]






	

	

	________________


“Lessee”


	Plum Bayou Solar LLC, 
a Delaware limited liability company
	



By:__________________________________
Name:________________________________
Title:_________________________________


	________________


EXHIBIT A
Legal Description of the Property
































(In the event of any inaccuracies or insufficiencies in the above legal description, Lessee may modify this Exhibit A to correct such inaccuracies or insufficiencies)


EXHIBIT B
Inflation Adjustment Calculation for Operational Rent
  







EXHIBIT C
Unrecorded Encumbrances on Property
 








                v.2